I look for years the ideal product for
undertake until I reach a beautiful
concept used for the market of the
beauty but starting from elements
natural, your product is a beverage that
It promises to embellish and retard the
aging as it did esther sáez
red france tells us
promises to be an elixir of youth a
teaspoon a day in the morning if you
can improve the appearance of the skin
hair and nails is beauty that baby
and I believe it
this woman is smooth is together a group of
laboratory scientists wearing
This is a business engineer
after 20 years working in marketing
decided to start his own business clearly
that started differently from the common
of the entrepreneurs first investigated and
He talked with several scientists until
that found this idea the we define the
work process in which the market
We wanted to get what kind of products
we were interested in what technology we had to
the hand and from that we develop
different product lines the most
Of course it was for Esther that this product
cosmetic should start selling in
the big leagues of the global retail
that's why point immediately to the market
English with the help of prochile went to
london offered him several options in
green to a possible client and together
good shape to cosme tough fruit the first
Chilean product of this type in
European gondolas in the style of
multinationals actually
do that before jumping in to formulate or
develop products see the potential
of the market that has your idea after
two years of work the drink has
Body brand and concepts started to
sell money in 33 london stores
and 19 from the USA
Each of these jars costs about 50
one thousand Chilean pesos 12
English and it looks like a perfume and in the background
is a food that gives benefits of
beauty and properties for the care of
the skin los meto fruit is a kind of
syrup composed of different types of
berries cranberries fines and others
natural cosmetic ingredients all
Chileans rich in polyphenols and
flavonoids that help stop the
deterioration of the whole history
of related products if you see it
actually seems a cosmetic new
combines a food
that's super of something novelty shooter
what I want to try, they have already called it
other large European chains that
they want to offer this in their showcases
innovative concept have hit the
door because they have gone through the stores
hope they have seen the product and
they have said I also want to have
thanks to these ideas outside has won
two business innovation funds from
corfo in total 120 million pesos
while working on the creation of
new products to export